A note about permissions available only on certain API levels (#3599)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/permissionsandroid.md

If a user has previously turned off a permission that you prompt for, the OS will advise your app to show a rationale for needing the permission. The optional `rationale` argument will show a dialog prompt only if necessary - otherwise the normal permission prompt will appear.

> Some permssions, e.g. `POST_NOTIFICATIONS` should ONLY be requested on ceratin Android API levels. Requesting such a permisson on earlier versions might return unexpected results. An example follolws. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some permssions, e.g. `POST_NOTIFICATIONS` should ONLY be requested on certain Android API levels. Requesting such a permisson on earlier versions might return unexpected results. An example follows. 
```

> Some permssions, e.g. `POST_NOTIFICATIONS` should ONLY be requested on ceratin Android API levels. Requesting such a permisson on earlier versions might return unexpected results. For example, on Android API 31, it returns `NEVER_ASK_AGAIN`. An example follows. 

Reviewer 2: permssions -> permissions

Reviewer 2: This doesn't seem to have been resolved.

Reviewer 2: also ceratin -> certain
